DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/net-agent/installation/install-net-agent-windows.mdx

  - Installation
translate:
  - jp

> metaDescription: 'For APM: how to install the .NET agent to monitor applications on Windows systems.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: For APM: how to install the .NET agent to monitor applications on Windows systems.
```
